A Cosmic Comedy of Errors

Oh, cariad, let me spin you a tale about the utter havoc on the set of Starbound Chronicles, that gloriously daft sci-fi show that’s been on since hovercars were just a mad dream in some boffin’s head. We were filming in a proper quaint English village by the North Sea, all cobbles and salt-worn cottages, dressed up to pass for the early 1900s. The episode? Our dashing hero, Captain Zephyr Quinn, and his two trusty mates, Lira and Cog, popping in from the year 2876 to sort out some peculiar goings-on in this paranoid little hamlet. Spoiler, mind: it’s aliens. But the real comedy? That’s what happened off-camera, love.

Picture it now: the village set’s all a-buzz, extras in tweed caps and petticoats muttering about “foreign spies” while our crew wrestles with fog machines to get that eerie, otherworldly vibe. The script has the locals convinced saboteurs are behind glowing lights in the marshes and cows mooing in perfect Morse code. In strides Captain Quinn, played by the ever-charming Nigel, all silver jumpsuit and swagger that says, “I’ve saved galaxies, cariad.” His sidekicks, Lira—that’s me, in a futuristic corset more pretty than practical—and Cog, our lovable android with a terrible knack for puns, are ready to crack the case.

But oh, the first take was a right mess. Nigel, bless his heart, tripped over a prop “alien artifact”—a glowing orb that was just a Christmas bauble tarted up in neon paint. He went arse over tit into the mud, his jumpsuit turned into a mucky brown masterpiece. The director, Fiona, yelled “Cut!” so loud she scared off a flock of seagulls like they’d been zapped by Martians. Nigel, trying to keep his dignity, quipped, “Just testing the gravity, folks!” while I, as Lira, had to bite my lip to stop a laugh escaping.

Then came the “alien slime” scene. Script called for a mysterious ooze to bubble up from the village well, courtesy of our extraterrestrial troublemakers. Props rigged a pump with green-dyed cornstarch goop, but some daft sod—probably intern Dave—cranked it up to eleven. Mid-take, the well erupted like a lime-flavored volcano, soaking poor Cog, whose circuits sparked like a dodgy plug. Raj, playing him, stayed in character, delivering his line, “Fascinating, organic viscosity!” while slipping about like a robot on ice. The extras, meant to look terrified, lost it so bad one fell off a bench, clutching his fake mustache.

The best bit, though? The big alien reveal—puppets run by two very hungover puppeteers. These were supposed to be proper menacing, tentacled beasts, but one puppeteer got tangled in the strings, making his alien flop like a pissed squid. The other, trying to cover, overdid the fog machine, so the set looked like a sauna for little green men. Nigel, the absolute pro, ad-libbed, “Fear not, villagers, I’ve faced worse in the Nebula of Nargoth!” while waving his laser prop through the haze. Fiona just buried her face in her hands, muttering about packing it all in.

By the time we wrapped, the crew was in bits, the set was a swampy shambles, and the extras were swapping wild tales about whether the aliens were real. Me? I leaned against a fake lamppost, sipping tea from a thermos, winking at Raj as he peeled off his soggy android getup. Just another day on Starbound Chronicles, where the real invasion’s the chaos of filming. And somewhere, out in the stars, I reckon those aliens were having a right laugh too.
